The President:
Hi everyone.
As you gather with family and
friends this weekend, Michelle,
Malia, Sasha and I - and of
course Bo - want to wish you all
Merry Christmas
and Happy Holidays.
The First Lady:
This is such a
wonderful time of year.
It's a time to honor the story
of love and redemption that
began 2,000 years ago... a
time to see the world through
a child's eyes and rediscover
the magic all around us...
and a time to give thanks
for the gifts that bless us
every single day.
This holiday season
at the White House,
we wanted to show our thanks
with a very special holiday
tribute to some of the
strongest, bravest,
and most resilient members of
our American family - the men
and women who wear our country's
uniform and the families who
support them.
The President:
For many military families,
the best gift this year is
a simple one - welcoming a
loved one back for the holidays.
You see, after nearly nine
years, our war in Iraq is over.
Our troops are coming home.
And across America, military
families are being reunited.
So let's take a moment to give
thanks for their service;
for their families' service;
for our veterans' service.
And let's say a prayer for all
our troops standing post all
over the world, especially
our brave men and women in
Afghanistan who are
serving, even as we speak,
in harm's way to protect
the freedoms and security
we hold dear.
The First Lady:
Our veterans, troops, and
military families sacrifice
so much for us.
So this holiday season, let's
make sure that all of them know
just how much we appreciate
everything they do.
Let's ask ourselves,
"How can I give back?
How can my family serve them as
well as they've served us" One
way you can get started is to
visit JoiningForces.gov to find
out how you can get
involved in your community.
The President:
Giving of ourselves; service to
others - that's what this season
is all about.
For my family and
millions of Americans,
that's what Christmas
is all about.
It reminds us that part of what
it means to love God is to love
one another, to be our brother's
keeper and our sister's keeper.
But that belief is not just at
the center of our Christian
faith, it's shared by Americans
of all faiths and backgrounds.
It's why so many
of us, every year,
volunteer our time to
help those most in need;
especially our hungry
and our homeless.
So whatever you believe,
wherever you're from,
let's remember the spirit of
service that connects us all to
this season - as Americans.
Each of us can do our part to
serve our communities and our
country, not just
today, but every day.
The First Lady:
So from our family to
yours, Merry Christmas.
The President:
Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays,
Happy New Year, everybody.